[AUDIENCE cheering]
[panting]
[STUDENT 06A]
Fight to the end!
[ASHURA]
This is on me.
I'm sorry for making
you guys carry my weight.
That's not true.
We're facing a strong team.
Yeah, maybe so.
At least we can
go down swinging!
What's our play?
[ASHURA]
Go, Yota! This is it! Now fly!
[gasps]
[HINA]
Whither go these many mortals,
shoaling like koi
in their finest robes?
[YOTA] They're off to
the summer festival.
Festival?
Uh, you're interested?
Didst thou expect otherwise?
With the way you dress,
I kinda did honestly.
Although I be a god,
still I be a maiden as well.
Wouldst thou see me deprived of
the youthful memories
of summer days?
And this summer will be
the end of all days!
No greater treasure
shall ever be!
Uh, actually, I was gonna finish
up this slice and go study.
Freaking take me!
Just go with Mom!
And have the mortals
look upon me with pity
for my lonesomeness?
Well, maybe Ashura could go?
Such foolery! Of what use
could Ashura be to me?
Bring the average age
down a little bit?
Age is hardly the issue!
For verily, a summer festival
demands an entourage!
Uh, who would that be?
There's Sora and
Ashura and Izanami
and Jinguji and Tengan,
and lastly thee!
Uh, not sure Ms. Tengan
wants to see me.
Worry not. She gave her card
to thee, therefore, call her.
She shall join thee.
Uh. Hello!
Yota Narukami here!
You know, the mahjong guy?
So yeah, that's
basically how it is.
Right, that's fair.
An explanation would
have made sense there.
What mania taketh hold of him?
Wow. Thank you very much!
See you there!
[YOTA] I did it. She told me
she just had a shoot cancel
and she's here in town!
[HINA] Indeed. Now send out
the call and summon the others.
Right.
[TOKIKO] Sora doesn't
wear this yukata anymore.
Would you like to
wear it to the festival?
I could never.
But for offering, I thank thee.
Why not try it on?
For this garb must
always adorn me.
Lest I should cease to be a god.
We've talked about this,
you bathe every day.
Well, I can at least give you
a lot of spending money!
Yay!
[SORA]
I'm ready and stuff.
Sweetie, you look lovely!
Don't be creepy,
that's your sister.
[KYOKO]
Good evening, Narukami.
Izanam‐‐
Oh wow! This is why
yukatas exist! Divine!
It's like a miracle is happening
in front of my eyes!
Or a magic spell!
Tonight will be
a miraculous night!
Magical Festival!
"Magic," "miracle," maybe pick a
theme and stick with it, buddy.
It feels like it was worth the
trouble when you tell me that.
After everything else,
that gibberish is
what does it for you?
That looks lovely on you, Sora.
Oh my gosh, stop it or
I'm gonna start blushing.
[ASHURA]
'Ey!
Sorry I'm late! Whoa, damn!
Sora, Kyoko, you both look
awesome in those yukatas!
What is wrong with you,
cut it out now!
[HIKARI] Sorry, everyone!
I was running late!
Jinguji! I'm glad
you made it out!
You mean now there's
a third beautiful girl?
Amazing! Marvelous!
And magical! It's a miracle!
Let's go,
Magical Festival, yeah!
That was uncanny.
Do you two share a brain?
Well, we have been best friends
for like four years now.
I would have certainly
have guessed longer!
Would that mean we are all here?
[ASHURA]
Kako Tengan came, too?
Is that a problem?
[ASHURA]
No, ma'am! It's an honor, ma'am!
You've made friends with
some amazing people,
wouldn't you agree?
Who is this and why is
she cosplaying at a festival?
Huh? Who, me?
I'm a god, what of it?
I do not care for your tone
in the least, little girl.
How serendipitous
that thy work finds
thee hereabouts
and in yukata, too.
Huh? What exactly are you
implying, you little gremlin?
Who is this brat?
Um. She's a relative
staying with me!
Oh! I wasn't aware of that.
Oh my gosh it is!
Would it be rude
to take a picture?
Hey guys, I think we're
starting to gather a crowd.
Supes awkward, y'all.
We should get going.
Yeah, I agree.
What do we do first?
[HINA] Let us partake in the
traditional festival foods!
[YOTA] Okay. Takoyaki,
yakisoba, and okonomiyaki
would be the big three.
Which do you want?
I'll have the lot.
There's no way you
can eat all that.
[HINA]
Which is best, then?
‐‐I mean. I would say...
‐‐[KYOKO] Wait.
There's something
even better than those.
[HINA] Huh. What compels thee
to speak out thusly? Go on!
They call it... tamasen!
Tamasen?
It's gotten very
popular out west.
And it's so simple.
A fried egg between
shrimp crackers.
Sound good to you, Hina?
It stirreth excitement
in Izanami's heart.
Let us try that!
It's not all that exciting, huh?
It looks a bit plain.
[KAKO] I can hardly imagine
this being very good.
[YOTA]
Well, we bought it.
Tamasen wins!
Did we just find the
world's best junk food?
It's just a fried egg
and some sauce
between snack crackers.
But it's still filling enough
to be a whole meal!
And I bet, like, little kids
would like it, too!
I hate to say it,
but it's great!
So it was a hit. Good to know.
Yea, verily,
it be a victual of virtue!
Well that's great!
Onward, to the games!
[YOTA] Whoa, how many of those
have you caught, Izanami?
This is about 20.
I'm warmed up now.
[STALL OWNER 06A gasps]
[YOTA] Izanami is ridiculously
good at carnival games!
Narukami. Why don't
you give it a shot?
I can show you how.
You only need to
dip in the edge.
The goldfish swim
straight up to it
thinking it's a piece of food.
Then you just sneak the
scoop in under it.
And flip it into the bowl.
Yeah. I think I get it.
[YOTA]
Yes, I got one!
[KYOKO]
Good job.
[YOTA] It was so easy after that
awesome tip you just gave me!
I'm gonna keep it going!
Wherefore wouldst thou
amass so many fish?
Take me to a better
attraction now!
‐‐Something fun! No more fish!
‐‐Uh, well, how about...
It's shooting gallery time!
[YOTA chuckles]
[HINA]
Ohh. And it fires like so?
Ow! Hey don't shoot me with it!
Then what do I shoot?
[YOTA] These prizes
here on the shelves!
If you knock one down,
you get to keep it.
[HINA] Right. The penguin atop
the highest shelf shall be mine.
[HINA] Hmm. Though the
shots landed cleanly,
still my prey standeth firm.
Yota. Assist me.
Two blows in tandem shall
surely fell the beast.
Now aim for its head.
Uh. Sure.
In three, two, one. Fire!
[YOTA] Your plan worked!
That was awesome!
Good job!
[BOTH]
Yay!
[ASHURA]
You two make quite the team!
‐‐Dude, shut up!
‐‐Thou buffoon!
[ASHURA gasps]
Whoa.
Hey, Narukami. Do you
have a game to teach me?
He was the student,
and I was the teacher.
[YOTA] What about
something that makes use
of my athletic ability?
Incredible! Right in the zone!
Try and knock out a corner next.
[KYOKO]
Okay.
Oh, man. That's every
shot so far!
It was only my second
throw. What's next?
[YOTA]
Hit the nine and you've got it.
[KYOKO]
All right.
She's on fire!
You got two in one shot!
There's no way I would have
done so well without you.
Oh, wow, think so?
She contriveth to make thee
feel useful. What be these?
[YOTA]
They're masks. You want one?
[HINA]
Well I should certainly say so!
Hyottoko? Or a fox, or an ogre.
No. I want this one!
She picked the scariest one!
Behold, for this mask
be a true masterpiece!
[HINA]
Be ye naughty children about?
Wrong mask, but it's
still cool that you tried.
[HINA cackles]
Girls always go for this stuff,
don't they? Let's get in there!
Haunted house! O M freakin' gee!
I guess Sora does at least.
My anticipation is great.
Let us venture onward!
Ladies first,
as they say. Shall we?
Indeed. I commend thee, sir.
Now then, let us sally forth!
Who exactly told that
little goblin she's in cha‐‐
It'll be fun. Come on. Let's go.
[ASHURA] Hell yeah!
Yota, you take this one.
I planned the whole thing out.
Let's show 'em a surprise!
I get ya.
[FEMALE VOICE 06A screams]
[KAKO, HINA gasp]
[ALL gasp]
It's just a prop. Oh gross!
Y'all that is an actual arm!
[KYOKO gasps]
[KAKO screams]
[KYOKO]
Ms. Tengan!
Forgive me! Let us flee!
Come back!
[ASHURA grunts]
[ALL scream]
[YOTA grunts]
[KAKO]
Please don't leave me here!
Death. Death nips at our heels
and stands in our path!
[ASHURA chuckling]
I was so scared!
Such highly coordinated
apparitions they be!
I actually thought we'd
literally die in there.
But wasn't it fun?
[KAKO] These common
entertainment rituals
can be enjoyable now and then.
That hasn't changed.
We still make a great team.
[YOTA] Yeah, you've always
been good at adapting.
[ASHURA] I don't have to
when I'm working with you.
Uh‐‐
I can get you the ball because
I know where you'll go.
[YOTA] Like at the
Inter‐High Prelims, right?
Wish I'd been good enough
to actually get there.
[ASHURA]
You've got it wrong.
If our team had been
as good as you,
then we could've
gone all the way.
And I know that
better than anyone.
Well. Thank you.
[HINA]
What is this?
[YOTA] You tug on one of
these strings and you get
whichever prize is
tied to the other end.
Hey, they have a game console!
[YOTA]
You wanna play?
Step right up!
[HINA] Eenie meenie... Huh?
The numbers don't match.
'Scuze me?
[HINA] There appear to be
more prizes than strings.
You miscounted.
[HINA] Nay, sir, the strings
number three fewer.
Wouldst thou please tug at the
game console to demonstrate?
I should like to see
whether the tangle
of strings is thereby disturbed.
[INTIMIDATING MAN 06A]
Little lady.
[INTIMIDATING MAN 06B] Why you
try'na cause trouble, huh?
[YOTA] Listen. There are some
questions you just don't ask!
I wish to play more games
right this instant!
[YOTA]
You could punch out a cookie.
[HINA] Punch it out?
Shall grappling be permitted?
Might I rather win
by submission?
Stop! Would someone
please explain it to her?
I'd love to show you,
Hina. Follow me.
[KAKO] Hmph. So engrossed
in such a trivial game.
You really are a child.
Give me one!
Sure thing.
[ASHURA]
You there, Yota?
What's up with leaving
Izanami all by herself?
[YOTA gasps]
Yeah, good point.
Hey, Izanami! Do you
wanna do something?
Narukami. You should rest a bit.
Sure, great idea. Wanna sit?
Of course. Let me go grab us
some shaved ice or something.
You can wait here.
[HINA gasps] I have liberated
my cookie! Look, Yota!
[HINA]
Where hast Yota gone?
[gasps]
[HINA] What an absolute
waste of time this hast been!
Stupid Yota.
Hath he forgotten who it was
that brought them closer?
Hath he no regard
at all for my godhood?
But indeed I be a god,
and a woman!
And shall therefore entice
a pretty boy to dote on me!
Glad tidings, lolicon.
To mine eyes thy soul is bared.
One of thy inclination
could nearly
die of ecstasy just to see me,
and so thou shalt follow me!
Are you lost?
Speak not! Thou art a lolicon
and I, lolidom embodied.
Submit now and tread in silence!
Why does this loli talk like
a grandmother? It's not right!
Fie, what fools
these mortals be!
Glad tidings, lolicon.
Mine eyes can read thy soul.
One of thy inclination
could nearly
die of ecstasy just to see me.
Now follow me!
[WOMAN 06C]
Sorry? What's this?
He has a girlfriend?
Do not deny thy desires!
Come now, with me!
What's up with this girl?
Look what she's wearing.
I think it's a cult thing.
I am a living god!
Yeah, let's go.
Good idea.
[HINA]
Out, ye naughty children!
I confound even my own pursuits.
Wherefore have I fled
from what pleased me?
Wherefore have
I sought solitude?
[HINA sighing]
[HINA]
I've been too long on my feet.
Be there no place near
to rest my tired bones?
What's this? A chill breeze
bloweth through the night.
[HINA]
Be this wizardry?
'Tis cold as the days of winter!
Colder than even Yota's house!
Then here I shall rest.
[sighs] I have
ceased perspiring.
Doth this air please thee?
[gasps] I've been shut in!
[HINA]
How far shall this truck travel?
How long must I
endure this cold?
Hear my voice and
cut short thy journey now!
Ahh. That was great.
[HIKARI] Oh dear.
Did Hina not come over here?
[YOTA]
No, I haven't seen her.
Is she missing?
Did she wander off?
[KYOKO] That's bad. We should
split up and look for her.
‐‐[ASHURA] Good call!
‐‐[SORA] Yeah, bet.
[KAKO sighs] Now I'm looking
for someone else's lost kid.
What a night.
[YOTA]
Anything to report, Ashura?
I heard some stuff
about a little girl
telling a bunch of guys that
a lolicon would die of ecstasy
just by seeing her.
What kinda crazy
bonkers thing is that
for a little girl to say?
It's her! It must be Hina!
Where'd they see her?
She's not here.
What's that on the ground?
Oh no. A half‐eaten candy apple!
And look there.
It's her stuffed penguin!
Hina was here and
something happened to her.
We've picked up her trail!
[ASHURA]
Look at the tire tracks.
Do you think she's
been abducted?
[YOTA]
No way!
[ASHURA] A driver's asleep
in there. Let's ask!
Huh? The one parked over there?
Tokyo bound, if I recall.
What kind of truck was it?
‐‐I think cold foods.
‐‐[YOTA gasps]
Crap, she's locked in a fridge.
This could be really bad, Yota.
Yeah.
Omniscience is her
only real power.
Other than that
she's just a kid.
Okay. I'm gonna call the police!
I'll go grab my bike!
Ah! Good idea!
[HINA] Such dreadful cold.
My hands grow numb.
Thou needst not suffer.
What warmth I have
I'll share with thee.
[gasps] Look up there!
Huh?
[truck honks]
[YOTA] Damn, it didn't work.
He doesn't get it!
[ASHURA] If this guy gets
away from us, she's screwed!
[YOTA]
What do we do?
[ASHURA]
Jump for it, Yota. You have to.
Huh?!
[ASHURA]
Just like you did back then!
I can't jump anymore,
so it's gotta be you!
And you're up against
a truck, too!
It's time for revenge!
[ASHURA groaning]
Hey. Guess we both
have free time now.
Don't say things like that.
[ASHURA] Look. The joints in
my left leg are totally shot.
They say I'm off
the court for good.
[YOTA] I don't believe it.
I'll be there waiting for you.
[ASHURA]
It's not happening.
You're a born athlete, Ashura.
You're gonna come back
from it even stronger!
[ASHURA chuckles] Damn, dude.
Can you at least wait
till I'm off my
crutches to say that?
[YOTA]
Sure. I will.
And when my shooting guard
is ready to play again,
I'll be right there.
[ASHURA]
You remember it, right?
The game was already lost,
but you and I still went
for one good shot!
[YOTA] Yeah, but we
missed in the end!
[ASHURA]
You have to jump for it now!
I thought I was
gonna be grounded
for the rest of my life,
but when you jumped back then,
you carried me with you!
So please. One more
time. Lift me up!
I've got it!
[ASHURA]
That's it, Yota. Now fly!
[YOTA] I will fly,
higher than anyone ever has!
Because we're the ultimate team!
[ASHURA]
Hell yeah!
[thumping]
Please, sir! You have to stop!
[DRIVER 06B gasps]
Hina!
You are a god, you know.
What are you doing?
Ugh. I seek control of
the element of ice!
[sneezes]
[YOTA]
So you're okay. I'm glad.
Indeed, and you did well
to find me. I thank thee.
[gasps]
[HINA gasps]
[ASHURA] Yota. You're the
best friend I could have.
It took a long time, but I got
my revenge against the truck!
Not bad, right?
Oh, hey, you showed up in
a dream I had last night.
Cool! Who was I with
and was she hot?
[YOTA] You and me were
being crazy, like always.
Maybe that dream was
a premonition of today.
And I'm glad you're
my best friend, too.
[HINA, ASHURA gasp]
‐‐Wow, look at that!
‐‐Beautiful!
‐‐Wow.
‐‐So pretty.
Yeah. Lovely.
True. They put on a
competent fireworks show.
[YOTA] When this incredible
summer ends, what will happen?
Will autumn come,
the way it does every year?
[YOTA] Or will our future head
off on some new, unknown path?
[YOTA] Surely the world won't
just end all at once. Will it?